This directory contains multi-platform user environment start-up files (or
dot files).  We have a dot file setup here in the College of Computing that
allows us to use different systems (Sun, SGI, DECs, IBM, etc) without them
interfering with each other.  The way we do it is using separate dot files
for each system and having a common dot file to choose which system your on.

You copy these files into your startup directory (actually, you only need
to copy .cshrc, .login, .profile, .kshrc, and .xinitrc; they will copy
the other files you need).  Unless they are told otherwise, "Everything is
a Sun."  This works for most platforms, but fails for sure on IRIX 5.2
(SGI) systems.  

There is a configuration file, /etc/env.path, on each system that
determines which versions of files are to be used.  For example, the
file env.path for a Sun SparcStation II running SunOS 4.1.3 is:

     sun-4.1.3:sun:gen

This means that, for a csh user, the first found of the following files 
will be used: .login-sun-4.1.3, .login-sun, and .login-gen.  If none is
found, the first found in /usr/local/dotfiles will be copied and used.

As another example, the file env.path for a SGI Indy running IRIX 5.2 is:

     sgi-5.2:sgi:gen

...where "gen" stands for generic.

To make changes to your environment, please modify (or create) files named
for the specific platform you are using.  You may find the need to create
operating system level dependent start-up files (e.g. .cshrc-sun-4.1.3)
or you may want to create platform dependent start-up files (e.g.
.cshrc-sun) or you may even decide to have a generic start-up file
(e.g. .cshrc-gen).  Now you have the ability to customize your start-up
files as much as you like.  Just don't change .cshrc, .login, etc.

If you don't have a start-up file specific to your platform, look in
/usr/local/dotfiles for an example.  Example of filenames are:

     .cshrc-sun-4.1.3  - for Sun Sparc systems running SunOS 4.1.3
     .cshrc-sun-5.3    - for Sun Sparc systems running SunOS 5.3
     .cshrc-sun        - for Sun Sparc systems running SunOS
     .cshrc-sgi-5.2    - for SGI systems running IRIX 5.2
     .cshrc-sgi        - for SGI systems running IRIX
     .cshrc-dec-1.3    - for DEC systems running OSF/1 1.3
     .cshrc-ibm-3.2.2  - for IBM systems running AIX 3.2.2
     .cshrc-hp-9.1     - for HP  systems running HP/UX 9.1
     .cshrc-gen        - generic start-up file for any system (good luck!)

Please note that if you delete the "*-sun" versions of the files, it
will upset the SGIs, since they assume you have an unusable profile if
it hasn't been tailored in this way.

Note for .xsession/.xinitrc users:  
	- Suns consoles start the apps in .xinitrc.
	- X terminals attached to Suns use .xsession or .xinitrc if there's
		no .xsession.  
	- SGI IRIX 5.2 systems start up the apps that were on your desktop
		when you logged out last, *unless* you have a .xsession-sgi. 
		Then they start the apps in your .xsession-sgi.
